# packages in environment at /home/leandro/miniconda3/envs/netzoor_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                  2_kmp_llvm    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.13               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
argcomplete               3.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.43                 h4bf12b8_2    conda-forge
bioconductor-annotate     1.84.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationdbi 1.68.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationforge 1.48.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biobase      2.66.0            r44h3df3fcb_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocfilecache 2.14.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocgenerics 0.52.0            r44hdfd78af_3    bioconda
bioconductor-biocio       1.16.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocparallel 1.40.0            r44he5774e6_1    bioconda
bioconductor-biomart      2.62.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biostrings   2.74.0            r44h3df3fcb_1    bioconda
bioconductor-bumphunter   1.48.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-category     2.72.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-data-packages 20250105.1           hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedarray 0.32.0            r44h3df3fcb_1    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedmatrixstats 1.28.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-edger        4.4.0             r44h3df3fcb_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genefilter   1.88.0            r44h81e381d_1    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodb 1.42.0            r44hdfd78af_2    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodbdata 1.2.13            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicalignments 1.42.0            r44h3df3fcb_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicfeatures 1.58.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicranges 1.58.0            r44h3df3fcb_2    bioconda
bioconductor-geoquery     2.74.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-go.db        3.20.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-gostats      2.72.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-graph        1.84.0            r44h3df3fcb_1    bioconda
bioconductor-gseabase     1.68.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-hdf5array    1.34.0            r44h15a9599_0    bioconda
bioconductor-illuminaio   0.48.0            r44h3df3fcb_0    bioconda
bioconductor-iranges      2.40.0            r44h3df3fcb_2    bioconda
bioconductor-keggrest     1.46.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-limma        3.62.1            r44h15a9599_1    bioconda
bioconductor-matrixgenerics 1.18.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-minfi        1.52.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-multtest     2.62.0            r44h3df3fcb_1    bioconda
bioconductor-netzoor      1.10.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-org.hs.eg.db 3.20.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-pandar       1.38.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-preprocesscore 1.68.0            r44h3df3fcb_1    bioconda
bioconductor-quantro      1.40.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rbgl         1.82.0            r44he5774e6_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rcy3         2.26.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rgraphviz    2.50.0            r44he5774e6_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5        2.50.0            r44h77050f0_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5filters 1.18.0            r44h77050f0_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5lib     1.28.0            r44h15a9599_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhtslib      3.2.0             r44h15a9599_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rsamtools    2.22.0            r44h77050f0_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rtracklayer  1.66.0            r44h15a9599_0    bioconda
bioconductor-s4arrays     1.6.0             r44h3df3fcb_0    bioconda
bioconductor-s4vectors    0.44.0            r44h3df3fcb_2    bioconda
bioconductor-siggenes     1.80.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-sparsearray  1.6.0             r44h3df3fcb_0    bioconda
bioconductor-sparsematrixstats 1.18.0            r44he5774e6_0    bioconda
bioconductor-stringdb     2.18.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-summarizedexperiment 1.36.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-ucsc.utils   1.2.0             r44h9ee0642_1    bioconda
bioconductor-xvector      0.46.0            r44h15a9599_2    bioconda
bioconductor-yarn         1.32.0            r44hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-zlibbioc     1.52.0            r44h3df3fcb_2    bioconda
bwidget                   1.10.1               ha770c72_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.4               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.1.31            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.2               h3394656_1    conda-forge
curl                      8.12.1               h332b0f4_0    conda-forge
cytoscape                 3.10.3               he65b2d3_0    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h7e30c49_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         14.2.0               h6b349bd_1    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    14.2.0               hc73f493_1    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                hac33072_2    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         14.2.0               h2c03514_1    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  10.2.0               h4bba637_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
jq                        1.5                           0    bioconda
kernel-headers_linux-64   3.10.0              he073ed8_18    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 h717163a_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.43                 h712a8e2_2    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           30_h59b9bed_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           30_he106b2a_openblas    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.12.1               h332b0f4_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.23                 h4ddbbb0_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321h7949ede_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.4                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h2dba641_0    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.2.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     14.2.0             h41c2201_101    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.2.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            14.2.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0               hd5240d6_1    conda-forge
libglib                   2.82.2               h2ff4ddf_1    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.2.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.11.2          default_h0d58e46_1001    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 h4ce23a2_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           30_h7ac8fdf_openblas    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.6.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libmpdec                  4.0.0                h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h161d5f1_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.29          pthreads_h94d23a6_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.46               h943b412_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              14.2.0               h2a3dede_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.20               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.48.0               hee588c1_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               hf672d98_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.2.0               hc0a3c3a_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  14.2.0             h41c2201_101    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.2.0               h4852527_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                hd9ff511_3    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.5.0                h851e524_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.5               h8d12d68_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               19.1.7               h024ca30_0    conda-forge
make                      4.4.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
mkl                       2024.2.2            ha957f24_16    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h2d0b736_3    conda-forge
openjdk                   17.0.14              he4ca013_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.4.1                h7b32b05_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.56.1               h861ebed_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                hba22ea6_2    conda-forge
pip                       25.0.1             pyh145f28c_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.44.2               h29eaf8c_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
python                    3.13.2          hf636f53_101_cp313    conda-forge
python_abi                3.13                    5_cp313    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py313h8060acc_2    conda-forge
r-abind                   1.4_5           r44hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.2.1             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r44hc72bb7e_5    conda-forge
r-backports               1.5.0             r44hb1dbf0f_1    conda-forge
r-base                    4.4.2                hc737e89_2    conda-forge
r-base64                  2.0.2             r44ha770c72_0    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r44hb1dbf0f_1007    conda-forge
r-base64url               1.4             r44hb1dbf0f_1007    conda-forge
r-beanplot                1.3.1             r44ha770c72_3    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.87.0_1          r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bibtex                  0.5.1             r44hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-bit                     4.5.0.1           r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-bit64                   4.5.2             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_9             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.4             r44hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.1.0             r44hb1dbf0f_1    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.18.3            r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-chron                   2.3_61            r44h2b5f3a1_2    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.6.4             r44h93ab643_1    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.8.0             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.8             r44hb67ce94_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_20            r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.1_1             r44hdb488b9_0    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.5.1             r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.3             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-curl                    6.0.1             r44h2700575_0    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.16.4            r44he23165d_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.2.3             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  2.5.0             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.37            r44h0d4f4ea_0    conda-forge
r-doparallel              1.0.17            r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-dorng                   1.8.6.1           r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-downloader              0.4             r44hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.1.4             r44h0d4f4ea_1    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r44hb1dbf0f_3    conda-forge
r-evaluate                1.0.3             r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-fansi                   1.0.6             r44hb1dbf0f_1    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.2             r44ha18555a_1    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.2.0             r44ha18555a_1    conda-forge
r-filelock                1.0.3             r44hb1dbf0f_1    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.2             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.14              r44hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.6.5             r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-futile.logger           1.4.3           r44hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-futile.options          1.0.1           r44hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.3             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-ggdendro                0.2.0             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.5.1             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.8.0             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-gplots                  3.2.0             r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gsubfn                  0.7             r44hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.6             r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gtools                  3.9.5             r44hb1dbf0f_1    conda-forge
r-hash                    3.0.1             r44hc72bb7e_5    conda-forge
r-here                    1.0.1             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.5            r44hb67ce94_0    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.3             r44hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.8.1           r44ha18555a_1    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.7             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-httr2                   1.1.0             r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-igraph                  2.0.3             r44h510f1ce_1    conda-forge
r-irdisplay               1.1               r44hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
r-irkernel                1.3.2             r44h785f33e_2    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.7             r44ha18555a_3    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.14            r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.8.9             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_26           r44h8461fee_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.3             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-lambda.r                1.2.4             r44hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.22_6            r44hb1dbf0f_1    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.4             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-locfit                  1.5_9.11          r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r44hb1dbf0f_3    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_64            r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.7_2             r44h2ae2be5_0    conda-forge
r-matrixcalc              1.0_6             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             1.5.0             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-mclust                  6.1.1             r44hc29710b_0    conda-forge
r-memoise                 2.0.1             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.9_1             r44h0d28552_1    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.12              r44hb1dbf0f_3    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.1             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_167           r44hb67ce94_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_20            r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-nor1mix                 1.3_3             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-openssl                 2.3.2             r44he8289e2_0    conda-forge
r-pbdzmq                  0.3_13            r44h549f438_0    conda-forge
r-penalized               0.9_52            r44hb424bfc_3    conda-forge
r-permute                 0.9_7             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.10.1            r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r44hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-pkgmaker                0.32.10           r44hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r44hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-plotrix                 3.8_4             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.9             r44ha18555a_1    conda-forge
r-png                     0.1_8             r44h21f035c_2    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.2.0             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.3             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-proto                   1.0.0           r44ha770c72_2006    conda-forge
r-purrr                   1.0.2             r44hdb488b9_1    conda-forge
r-quadprog                1.5_8             r44hc2011d3_6    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.8.2             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.27.0            r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.12.3            r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.6.1             r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r44hb1dbf0f_3    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_3             r44h785f33e_3    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.14            r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-rcpparmadillo           14.2.3_1          r44hc2d650c_0    conda-forge
r-rcpptoml                0.2.2             r44ha18555a_2    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.98_1.16         r44he8228da_1    conda-forge
r-readr                   2.1.5             r44h0d4f4ea_1    conda-forge
r-registry                0.5_1             r44hc72bb7e_5    conda-forge
r-rentrez                 1.2.3             r44h785f33e_3    conda-forge
r-repr                    1.1.7             r44h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-reshape                 0.8.9             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r44h0d4f4ea_4    conda-forge
r-restfulr                0.0.15            r44h5ef9028_5    bioconda
r-reticulate              1.40.0            r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-rjson                   0.2.23            r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-rjsonio                 1.3_1.9           r44h0d4f4ea_1    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.1.5             r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-rngtools                1.5.2             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.4             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rsqlite                 2.3.9             r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-runit                   0.4.33            r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rvest                   1.0.4             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.3.0             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-scrime                  1.3.5             r44hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-selectr                 0.4_2             r44hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-snow                    0.4_4             r44hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-sqldf                   0.4_11            r44hc72bb7e_5    conda-forge
r-statmod                 1.5.0             r44ha36c22a_2    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.8.4             r44h33cde33_3    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.5.1             r44h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-survival                3.8_3             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4.3             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.2.1             r44hdb488b9_3    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.3.1             r44h0d4f4ea_1    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.2.1             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-tzdb                    0.4.0             r44ha18555a_2    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.4             r44hb1dbf0f_1    conda-forge
r-uuid                    1.2_1             r44hdb488b9_0    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.6.5             r44h0d4f4ea_1    conda-forge
r-vegan                   2.6_10            r44h012206f_0    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.2             r44hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-vroom                   1.6.5             r44h0d4f4ea_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   3.0.2             r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-xml                     3.99_0.17         r44h5bae778_2    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.6             r44h8194278_2    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r44hc72bb7e_6    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.3.10            r44hdb488b9_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                75.8.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.17                h0157908_18    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.13.0            hceb3a55_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h8bc8fbc_6    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tomlkit                   0.13.2             pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025a                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
xmltodict                 0.14.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.5                he73a12e_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.11               h4f16b4b_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            6.0.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.8.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrandr            1.5.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yq                        3.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h3b0a872_7    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
